1.About responsible team?
Ans::People responsible for the particular project
2.about dependent team?
Ans::Dependents on the project.
3.difference between release and version in FDS?
Ans::Now the current release is 2.1 and version is 1.1.according to the user requirements there will be change in the updated version and release.
4.about target system-s/4 HANA?
Ans::The final target of this bridge project to sync all the manually created Eclipse deals to s4.
5.About downstream system in Eclipse?
Ans::All the manually created Eclipse deals,after quoting will reach to downstream systems.
6.Bidirectional flow in Business impact??
Ans::In this bridge project there is a flow from Eclipse to s4 and s4 to Eclipse.The deals will automatically sync from Eclipse to s4,but reversal is not possible.
7.Ignore customer details on a deal which has a Generic customer on a deal--Explanation
Ans::whenever the generic customers are added in the deal,it is not visible in the json and also the s4 team cannot see that paricular data.
8.About GEO Split
Ans::In deal page under products we can see geosplit.Geosplit is also similar to generic.
9.About High touch and low touch in deal scenario
Ans::Whatever the deals now we are creating in deal manager are high touch deals only by default.Only the NGQ team are capable of creating hightouch and low touch deals.
10.About EDMS.
Ans::EDMS means Eclipse deal manager service.Whatever the deals we will create in eclipse ,they will reach to EDMS.
11.About MDM System.
Ans::MDM means master data management system.if there is any mismatch  between Party id and OPSI id then MDM System will be the responsible.
12.About Integration Fabric
Ans::Integration fabric in short called as IF.It is the middleware between Eclipse and S4.
13.Flow from Eclipse to S/4--Block daigram
Ans:Eclipse--Quoted Deal --Eclipse middleware(IF)---s/4.
14.Flow from s/4 to Eclipse --Block Daigram
Ans::S/4 ---Middleware(IF)----EDMS
15.Brief expalnation of different downstream systems.
Ans::1>PRS
     2>patsy
     3>VISTA
     4>Corona
16.Flow from NGQ to Eclipse.
Ans::NGQ team will crete quotes that can be visible in Eclipse in the form of Deal number.
17.Flow from Eclipse to NGQ.
Ans::Eclipse team will send the deal numbers to the respective NGQ team. 
18.Role of Testers in the project.
Ans::To test whether the deals are syncing to S4 are no.
19.need of this bridge project.
Ans:Since the Eclipse has been using for a long time,to bring an update ,there is an emergence of this bridge project.
